hey booze well today I'm going to be
the next book Ares 8 tablet case that I
just purchased I did a review on this
tablet which is the next book Ares 8
it's a new tablet that came out from
next book lollipop and it's a very newer
tablet it just came out in stores it's
not even on the display yet for Walmart
yet so I wanted to find a case to
protect my tablet I was so paranoid
paranoid with it for two weeks because I
went onto it like a week because I
didn't have a case on it so I was like
treating this as if it was like my very
little baby
so I finally found a case for it I found
it on eBay it doesn't have a name but I
will link the seller down below it's
just a folding it kind of like has like
the I the iPad kind of feel case you
know it you know if flexible and stuff
like that and then when you it's like
this is I would say pleather and this is
like a jelly kind of thing around it and
it fits the holes perfectly fine and
then you would just snap it you would
just snap it inside the case and it fit
it fit perfectly in this case is
actually does not go with this tablet
but it fits the tablet and the tablet
case is called the next book 8.1 Windows
tablet case they have another tablet
like I said is called Windows netbook
Windows 8.1 tablet and so instead of it
being Android it's actually Windows 8.1
and the top there that tablet is the
same exact features including the
buttons here the buttons here the camera
on the back side and everything is the
same it's just a Windows 8.1 tablet so
when I found that out and got to these
Zach dimensions of both the tablets they
turned out to be the same exact
dimensions which is 4.19 by 8.55 and so
both the tablets the 8.1 and the 1 and
the next book ares 8 or the same exact
tablet just different features like
that's Windows this is Android kind of
thing so I was so grateful that I did
find a tablet case for it if they if it
if this tablet was the only size that
next book had we would pretty much have
to wait for someone to make a tablet
case for that brand or for that brand of
tablet so if you are having troubles
finding a case for this tablet there you
go
Windows next book Windows 8.1 tablet I'm
kind of gonna go over the features of
the tablet like I said it is a pilot but
it's not as durable as I would like
basically this tablet case comes with a
couple features this is like a leather
like I said it's very flexible in the
front there is no magnet there like it
would be like you know like the iPad
where it's kind of magnet where it just
kind of slips back but it does you know
it is I'm pretty sure it would stay I'm
just worried if I bend it this way what
it like stick out like this but I like
the whole flexibility feature I'm like I
said there's a gel lining here and
that's where you would snap your case in
so I'm just gonna take my tablet out and
show you guys
all right so this is the tablet without
the case and all you would do is just
just snap it back on it is a very very
tight fit so your speakerphone hole
there which fits perfectly your camera
one which fits perfectly your SD SAR
card section where there's a lots of
open space and of course the three holes
alright so now as ultimate test I'm
gonna fold this baby up to see if it
will fall for me you guys right here let
me see
cuz you want to fold it like that oh so
it definitely stands up and what I did
was just make it into a triangle and it
totally stands up its me shaking it to
make sure it's durable and it looks it
looks pretty awesome so if you wanna I'm
gonna watch a cooking show while you're
cooking I'll watch a show while you're
cooking which mostly that's what I do
this would be great now let's see if it
does that whole hook thing like I
thought it was gonna do yeah yeah I
might have told you that I was afraid I
was gonna go like this that's exactly
what its gonna do now and that's just
the first use it's not as even so you
know this is the pretty much the only
tablet case for this tablet or for you
know next book 8.1 like I said you just
you just want something really cheap to
protect it and you don't and you can't
find anything I paid $10 for this so
even though the quality is not that
great it's just something to protect it
in the mean time thank you so much for
watching guys you have a terrific day